README.md, before:

Google ARCore SDK for Unreal
=====================
Copyright (c) 2017 Google Inc.  All rights reserved.

This SDK provides native APIs for all of the essential AR features like motion tracking, environmental understanding, and light estimation. With these capabilities you can build entirely new AR experiences or enhance existing apps with AR features.


## Quick Start

To build ARCore apps with Unreal Engine, you must use a version of Unreal Engine with _GoogleARCore plugin_ integrated. For more information, see the [Getting Started with Unreal](//developers.google.com/ar/develop/unreal/getting-started) developer guide.


## API Reference

See the [ARCore for Unreal API Reference](//developers.google.com/ar/reference/unreal).


## Release Notes

The SDK release notes are available on the [releases](//github.com/google-ar/arcore-unreal-sdk/releases) page.


## Terms & Conditions

By downloading the Google ARCore Unreal SDK, you agree that the
[Google APIs Terms of Service](//developers.google.com/terms/) governs your use
thereof.

## User privacy requirements

You must disclose the use of ARCore and how it collects and processes data,
prominently in your application, easily accessible to users. You can do this by
adding the following text on your main menu or notice screen: "This application
runs on [ARCore](//play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.ar.core),
which is provided by Google LLC and governed by the
[Google Privacy Policy](//policies.google.com/privacy)".

Commit message:

Add link to latest Unreal Engine documentation

README.md, after:

Google ARCore SDK for Unreal
=====================
Copyright (c) 2017 Google Inc.  All rights reserved.

This SDK provides native APIs for all of the essential AR features like motion tracking, environmental understanding, and light estimation. With these capabilities you can build entirely new AR experiences or enhance existing apps with AR features.


## SDK Status

**Caution**: This repository is no longer up to date. See instead the Unreal Engine's latest [Google ARCore](https://docs.unrealengine.com/SharingAndReleasing/XRDevelopment/AR/GoogleArcore/) documentation.


## Quick Start

To build ARCore apps with Unreal Engine, you must use a version of Unreal Engine with _GoogleARCore plugin_ integrated. For more information, see the [Getting Started with Unreal](//developers.google.com/ar/develop/unreal/getting-started) developer guide.


## API Reference

See the [ARCore for Unreal API Reference](//developers.google.com/ar/reference/unreal).


## Release Notes

The SDK release notes are available on the [releases](//github.com/google-ar/arcore-unreal-sdk/releases) page.


## Terms & Conditions

By downloading the Google ARCore Unreal SDK, you agree that the
[Google APIs Terms of Service](//developers.google.com/terms/) governs your use
thereof.

## User privacy requirements

You must disclose the use of ARCore and how it collects and processes data,
prominently in your application, easily accessible to users. You can do this by
adding the following text on your main menu or notice screen: "This application
runs on [ARCore](//play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.ar.core),
which is provided by Google LLC and governed by the
[Google Privacy Policy](//policies.google.com/privacy)".
